Update CHANGELOG for 9.4.3 (#4341)
citusdata/citus: CHANGELOG.md

### citus v9.4.3 (November 24, 2020) ###

> * Enables PostgreSQL's parallel queries with EXPLAIN ANALYZE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enables PostgreSQL's parallel queries on EXPLAIN ANALYZE
```

I think the preposition `on` captures the causality better here.

> * Fixes a bug that triggers sub plan executions unnecessarily with cursors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that executes subplans multiple times with cursors
```

The verb trigger can be misunderstood here I think.

Reviewer: alternatively this one can also work
```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that triggers subplan executions unnecessarily with cursors
```
